In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite.
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life.
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
I finally know what distinguishes man from the other beasts: financial worries.
Capital is that part of wealth which is devoted to obtaining further wealth.
The lesson of history is that you do not get a sustained economic recovery as long as the financial system is in crisis.
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite.
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life.
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
I finally know what distinguishes man from the other beasts: financial worries.
Capital is that part of wealth which is devoted to obtaining further wealth.
The lesson of history is that you do not get a sustained economic recovery as long as the financial system is in crisis.
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
The only way you will ever permanently take control of your financial life is to dig deep and fix the root problem.
Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells.
I believe that through knowledge and discipline, financial peace is possible for all of us.
There can be no rise in the value of labour without a fall of profits.
Derivatives are financial weapons of mass destruction.
We all know that Americans love their statistics - in sport, obviously. And in finance too.
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that still carries any reward.
All money is a matter of belief.
Inflation is taxation without legislation.
You only need to make one big score in finance to be a hero forever.
Infinite growth of material consumption in a finite world is an impossibility.
We cannot both preach and administer financial matters.
There's more honor in investment management than in investment banking.
You and I come by road or rail, but economists travel on infrastructure.
We teach about how to drive in school, but not how to manage finances.
If all the economists were laid end to end, they'd never reach a conclusion.
Security depends not so much upon how much you have, as upon how much you can do without.
The rate of interest acts as a link between income-value and capital-value.
The longer I go on, the more I am aware of the power of finance.
As sure as the spring will follow the winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession.
It is a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money.
The poor don't know that their function in life is to exercise our generosity.
Stay on top of your finances. Don't leave that up to others.
Do you know the only thing that gives me pleasure? It's to see my dividends coming in.
I made my money by selling too soon.
I am favor of cutting taxes under any circumstances and for any excuse, for any reason, whenever it's possible.
Finance is wholly different from the rest the economy.
My adversary is the world of finance.
I do not regard a broker as a member of the human race.
Finance, like time, devours its own children.
We at Chrysler borrow money the old-fashioned way. We pay it back.
Wealth, in even the most improbable cases, manages to convey the aspect of intelligence.
Any informed borrower is simply less vulnerable to fraud and abuse.
Poverty is unnecessary.
My mother inspired me to treat others as I would want to be treated regardless of age, race or financial status.
These heroes of finance are like beads on a string; when one slips off, all the rest follow.
My father, being a Scotsman, taught me to look after finances. I'm shrewd. Some people may call me tight.
Financial crises are like fireworks: they illuminate the sky even as they go pop.
I'm involved in the stock market, which is fun and, sometimes, very painful.
Economically considered, war and revolution are always bad business.
I wasn't a financial pro, and I paid the price.
To beat the market you'll have to invest serious bucks to dig up information no one else has yet.
Under capitalism each individual engages in economic planning.
As a novelist, I tell stories and people give me money. Then financial planners tell me stories and I give them money.
Wall Street has too much wealth and political power.
Show people tend to treat their finances like their dentistry. They assume the man handling it knows what he is doing.
I'm a big advocate of financial intelligence.
Watch your finances like a hawk.
I've never preached one sermon on money, on just finances. I want to stay away from it.
Here's my gift-giving rule: Respect your current financial situation.
Financial support is one thing, but I always think what becomes really sacrificial is your time.
People who think about art as an investment are pathetic.
Thirty to 40 years ago, most financial decisions were fairly simple.
The economy is a very sensitive organism.
We need real campaign finance reform to loosen the grip of special interests on politics.
Money is the best rule of commerce.
The job of the Central Bank is to worry.
Rounding to the nearest cent is sufficiently accurate for practical purposes.
I understand that finance can be very complex.
I mean, I'm very serious with my kids about them comprehending the intricacies of global finance.
I was a great student at a great school, Wharton School of Finance.
The people who know personal finance hide the money very carefully.
My mother works in a bank, and my dad is the head of my management team and also works in finance.
But having said that, what's happening with campaign finance reform and our political culture is devastating.
Large companies cannot finance political parties as their shareholders and employees have different political views.
If it isn't the sheriff, it's the finance company; I've got more attachments on me than a vacuum cleaner.
Finance is a gun. Politics is knowing when to pull the trigger.
What we now call 'finance' is, I hold, an intellectual perversion of what began as warm human love.
It is usually people in the money business, finance, and international trade that are really rich.
I know what I don't know. To this day, I don't know technology, and I don't know finance or accounting.
I only make movies to finance my fishing.
My most difficult class at Harvard Business School would have to be finance.
Tom DeLay may or may not have broken campaign finance laws, but he did his best to look like he was breaking them.
How grateful I am for the law of tithing. It is the Lord's law of finance.
Health care probably contributes a lot more to the common wealth than finance.
Our goal is to make finance the servant, not the master, of the real economy.
The people who don't know personal finance have TV shows about it.
Well, paycheck protection is an important ingredient for a successful campaign finance reform measure.
Back when 'social' had a broad definition, you could almost say that Yahoo Finance chat was the first social product.
My expertise was in public finance, particularly corporate taxation, since I had worked at the US Treasury.
New York City is the most important location in the world... it is the center for fashion, culture and finance.
After serving in the Korean War, I actually started working towards a master's degree in finance.
Everyone says you've got to do a foundation and legal structure to finance social change. What nonsense!
Nobody wants campaign finance reform more than me. It would save me a fortune.
It's much more straightforward to get finance when you have an Oscar.
It starts with campaign finance reform.
I am particularly pleased to see that the Bendheim Center for Finance is thriving.
In Britain, polls show large majorities in favour of mansion taxes and higher taxes on the finance sector.
If you're a teenager in Palo Alto launching an app, you know from the outset how you plan to finance your business.
At this point, I don't get hired a lot because people don't think I could finance a movie.
The studios don't finance anymore, they get outside funds.
I went to college at QUT: Queensland University of Technology. I studied for a Bachelors in finance and acting.
One of the biggest issues for me is campaign finance reform.
Particularly with internships, you have to work for a year with no money. How on Earth are you going to finance that?
I got IRS records to finance what I wanted to do.
Arbitrage proof has since been widely used throughout finance and economics.
